





Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)                  K. Moriarty, Ed.
Request for Comments: 8017                               EMC Corporation
Obsoletes: 3447                                               B. Kaliski
Category: Informational                                         Verisign
ISSN: 2070-1721                                               J. Jonsson
                                                               Subset AB
                                                                A. Rusch
                                                                     RSA
                                                           November 2016


          PKCS #1: RSA Cryptography Specifications Version 2.2

Abstract

   This document provides recommendations for the implementation of
   public-key cryptography based on the RSA algorithm, covering
   cryptographic primitives, encryption schemes, signature schemes with
   appendix, and ASN.1 syntax for representing keys and for identifying
   the schemes.

   This document represents a republication of PKCS #1 v2.2 from RSA
   Laboratories' Public-Key Cryptography Standards (PKCS) series.  By
   publishing this RFC, change control is transferred to the IETF.

   This document also obsoletes RFC 3447.

Status of This Memo

   This document is not an Internet Standards Track specification; it is
   published for informational purposes.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Not all documents
   approved by the IESG are a candidate for any level of Internet
   Standard; see Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   http://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8017.









Moriarty, et al.              Informational                     [Page 1]

RFC 8017                      PKCS #1 v2.2                 November 2016


Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2016 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.





































Moriarty, et al.              Informational                     [Page 2]

RFC 8017                      PKCS #1 v2.2                 Novembe